com/app/client/domain/SkillsDto.java
 com.app.client.domain.SkillsDto
com/app/repository/TicketRepository.java
 com.app.repository.TicketRepository
com/app/domain/Payment.java
 com.app.domain.Payment
com/app/domain/Account.java
 com.app.domain.Account
com/app/client/domain/ClubStatisticsDto.java
 com.app.client.domain.ClubStatisticsDto
com/app/system/TicketManager.java
 com.app.system.TicketManager
com/app/exception/TicketException.java
 com.app.exception.TicketException
com/app/repository/PaymentRepository.java
 com.app.repository.PaymentRepository
com/app/service/TimeService.java
 com.app.service.TimeService
com/app/controller/HomeController.java
 com.app.controller.HomeController
com/app/client/urlbuilder/ClientUrl.java
 com.app.client.urlbuilder.ClientUrl
com/app/domain/Ticket.java
 com.app.domain.Ticket
com/app/domain/Timer.java
 com.app.domain.Timer
com/app/client/domain/Winner.java
 com.app.client.domain.Winner
com/app/controller/ClubsController.java
 com.app.controller.ClubsController
com/app/controller/PaymentController.java
 com.app.controller.PaymentController
com/app/client/domain/PageWrapper.java
 com.app.client.domain.PageWrapper
com/app/configuration/WebConfiguration.java
 com.app.configuration.WebConfiguration
com/app/repository/AccountRepository.java
 com.app.repository.AccountRepository
com/app/client/domain/PlayerDto.java
 com.app.client.domain.PlayerDto
com/app/controller/MatchController.java
 com.app.controller.MatchController
com/app/client/service/MatchService.java
 com.app.client.service.MatchService
com/app/client/service/FootballClubService.java
 com.app.client.service.FootballClubService
com/app/exception/NotEnoughCashException.java
 com.app.exception.NotEnoughCashException
com/app/service/UserService.java
 com.app.service.UserService
com/app/client/urlbuilder/FootballClubUrls.java
 com.app.client.urlbuilder.FootballClubUrls
com/app/configuration/WebSecurityConfiguration.java
 com.app.configuration.WebSecurityConfiguration
com/app/system/TicketSystem.java
 com.app.system.TicketSystem
 com.app.system.TicketSystem$1
com/app/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.app.repository.UserRepository
com/app/client/domain/GoalDto.java
 com.app.client.domain.GoalDto
com/app/client/urlbuilder/MatchUrls.java
 com.app.client.urlbuilder.MatchUrls
com/app/controller/TicketController.java
 com.app.controller.TicketController
com/app/domain/ActiveUser.java
 com.app.domain.ActiveUser
com/app/controller/PlayerController.java
 com.app.controller.PlayerController
com/app/client/domain/MatchDto.java
 com.app.client.domain.MatchDto
com/app/controller/ErrorController.java
 com.app.controller.ErrorController
com/app/service/TicketService.java
 com.app.service.TicketService
com/app/service/PictureService.java
 com.app.service.PictureService
com/app/client/urlbuilder/PlayersUrls.java
 com.app.client.urlbuilder.PlayersUrls
com/app/client/domain/PlayerPosition.java
 com.app.client.domain.PlayerPosition
com/app/service/AccountService.java
 com.app.service.AccountService
com/app/client/domain/FootballClubDto.java
 com.app.client.domain.FootballClubDto
com/app/client/service/PlayersService.java
 com.app.client.service.PlayersService
com/app/AppApplication.java
 com.app.AppApplication
com/app/configuration/AuthenticationHandler.java
 com.app.configuration.AuthenticationHandler
com/app/controller/UserController.java
 com.app.controller.UserController
com/app/exception/UserServiceException.java
 com.app.exception.UserServiceException
com/app/domain/User.java
 com.app.domain.User
com/app/service/PaymentService.java
 com.app.service.PaymentService
